Newscoop Article Edit Screen Plugin
===================

The Newscoop Article Edit screen can be integrated into the Admin interface via a Newscoop Plugin.  Newscoop plugins are Symfony Bundles that
extend the functionality of the Newscoop CMS via modular packages that are easy to install.  The Newscoop Article Edit Screen plugin is a spearate 
code base (https://github.com/newscoop/Newscoop-Plugin-ArticleEditScreen) that needs to be updated whenever there are changes to the Article Edit Screen.  
The Article Edit Screen Gruntfile also separates out a specific build that creates the necessary files and directory structure to be included in
a Symfony bundle.

***
More information about The Article Edit Screen Newscoop Plugin can be found here:
https://github.com/newscoop/Newscoop-Plugin-ArticleEditScreenhttp://docs.sourcefabric.org/projects/newscoop-plugins/en/latest/
***

***
More information about Newscoop Plugins can be found here:
http://docs.sourcefabric.org/projects/newscoop-plugins/en/latest/
***

***
More information about Smyfony Bunbles can be found here:
http://symfony.com/doc/bundles/
***

##### Building for the Newscoop Plugin
Usage:
```javascript
grunt build-newscoop
```

```
The example above would produce the following project structure:
```
|-- plugin 
|   |-- Resources 
|       |-- public
|           |-- bower_components
|           |-- css
|           |-- fonts
|           |-- images
|           |-- scripts
|           |-- styles
|           |-- views
|       |-- views 
|           |-- Default
```

This entire directory structure will contain the necessary files that will be required to build the Newscoop Plugin.  All of the files here are generated by the grunt build process
and should NOT be modified manually.  To make changes to these files make the necessary changes in the main app/ directory and then run the grunt build again to re-generate the entire directory
structure.

* `/plugin` - Root directory for all Newscoop Plugin files.
* `/plugin/public` - Contains fiels and folders that will be publically available in the Newscoop Plugin.
* `/plugin/views` - Contains the twig templates required for the Newscoop Plugin.  Think of this like the plugins main index.html
